Privacy Policy
Our Team( "We", "us" or "our" ) pay attention to and are committed to protecting the privacy of our users("you"). This Privacy Policy is meant to explain to you how we collect, use and store your personal data when you use our application (the "App").

Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your privacy. By using the App, you are agreeing to the terms of this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy may change from time to time. If we make any change, we will give you notice of such changes by posting the revised policy on the app or our website, and where appropriate, by other means. Your continued use of the Services after the date any such changes become effective constitutes your acceptance of the new policy.

1. Date We Collect and How We Collect Date
1) When you use the App, we may collect non-personally identifiable data from you and it may include, without limitation: (a) the type, version, brand, and language of device; (b) the type and operator of network; (c) mobile operating system; (d) device identifiers(such as IDFA, IDFV); (e) your country; (f) the date and time you access this App and the duration of your visit; (g) behavioral usage of the App; (h) mobile page views; (i) click-through statistics.

2) When you use the App, we may collect your personal data and it may include, without limitation: (a) your first and last name;(b) date of birth;(c) gender;(d) your cell phone number;(e) your email address;(f) account name; (g) If you register through your Facebook credentials, we may collect some personal data through your Facebook account.; (h) geographic location; (i) game feature uses and preferences and other demographic data that could help identify you.

2.How we use collect your data
1)To provide you with our Services; for example, to allow you to use the APP, to confirm your identity, contact you, provide you with advertising;Related advertising content:https://bear.gamegoing.com/app-ads.txt

2)To improve the App so that you can have better experiences and improve our offers and promotional content so that they are more relevant to you;

3)For security, system integrity (the prevention of hacking, cheating and other improper or unlawful activities), or enforcement purposes;

4)To make sure that we comply with applicable legal requirements.

3. Who we share data with
We do not sell, trade or rent your data to others. We work with a variety of third parties and service providers such as third party subcontractors, affiliates of us, retailers, fulfillment partners and marketing partner to help provide you with our Services and we may share data with them to support these efforts. For example, companies we've hired to provide data analytic services may need to collect and access personal data to provide those functions. In such cases, these companies must abide by our data privacy and security requirements, and follow Apple’s Privacy rules.

4. How we protect your data
In order to protect your personal data held with us and third parties we work with, we use industry-standard physical, procedural and electronic security measures, including encryption where deemed appropriate. We take reasonable measures to help protect your data from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.

5. How long do we retain your Data
We will retain your data for as long as is needed to provide you the Service; as long as needed for the purpose it was originally collected for; as long as we are legally obligated; or until we receive a request for erasure. It means that we’ll hold your data for the entire life cycle of the respective mobile game you’ve used as part of our Services. After this point, your personal data will either be erased completely or anonymized for analytical use for a certain period.

6. Applicable Provisions for EU residents
When you are located in the European Economic Area (EEA), you will have following additional rights:

1) To ask for a copy of your personal data to be provided to them, or a third party;

2) To lodge a complaint about the processing of your personal data with your local data protection authority in the EEA.

When you are located in the EEA, your personal data will be transferred to recipients in countries located outside the EEA, which do not provide a similar or adequate level of protection to that provided by countries in the EEA.

You hereby expressly consent to the transfer of your personal data to recipients, as described in this Privacy Policy, which are located outside the EEA. You may withdraw your consent at any time.

7. Protection of Children
We do not knowingly collect personal data about children under the age of 13 (in EEA is under the age of 16). If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with data without their consent, he or she should promptly contact us and we take reasonable steps to ensure that such data is deleted from our files.

8. Your Data Rights
1) You can use your accounts of the App to update and correct your personal data. You can also contact us by "Contact" and ask us to update or correct your data.

2) You have rights to restrict us to collect and use your personal data. These may include the rights：

(a) To request erasure of your personal data;

(b) To request access to and a copy of your personal data;

(c) To restrict or object to collection and using of your personal data;

(d) To withdraw your consent at any time. The withdrawal of consent shall not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal;

(e) To exercise any of your rights, please contact us by "Contact". We may ask you to verify your identity, and act upon your requests in accordance with applicable laws.

9. Contact US
If you have any questions about your personal data or this policy, please contact us by email at xmilesxixi@gmail.com.

